{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20800\viewh8480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 1. Google: \'93list only interface name terminal\'94\
Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/135160/how-can-i-list-only-interface-name-and-assigned-ip-with-ifconfig-in-terminal"}}{\fldrslt https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/135160/how-can-i-list-only-interface-name-and-assigned-ip-with-ifconfig-in-terminal}}\
\
2. Google: \'94show ip ethernet terminal\'94 & \'93identify ip address same subnet terminal\'94\
Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://superuser.com/questions/1050083/osx-terminal-how-to-figure-out-network-connection-is-wifi-or-lan"}}{\fldrslt https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/20547/how-do-i-find-my-ip-address-from-the-command-line}} & \
https://www.chriswrites.com/how-to-find-ip-addresses-of-devices-on-your-local-network/\
3. Google: \'94mac address wifi terminal os x\'94\
Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28685156/shell-command-for-getting-mac-address-in-os-x"}}{\fldrslt https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28685156/shell-command-for-getting-mac-address-in-os-x}}\
4. Google: \'94find default gateway routing table terminal\'94\
Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6782658/how-to-get-default-gateway-in-mac-osx"}}{\fldrslt https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6782658/how-to-get-default-gateway-in-mac-osx}}\
5. Google: \'94find dns server for domain terminal\'94\
Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.a2hosting.com/kb/getting-started-guide/internet-and-networking/troubleshooting-dns-with-dig-and-nslookup"}}{\fldrslt https://www.a2hosting.com/kb/getting-started-guide/internet-and-networking/troubleshooting-dns-with-dig-and-nslookup}}\
6. Google: \'94find file dns address dns mac\'94\
Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/98021/how-can-i-display-the-current-dns-servers-from-the-command-line-under-os-x"}}{\fldrslt https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/98021/how-can-i-display-the-current-dns-servers-from-the-command-line-under-os-x}}\
7. Google: \'94query external dns server\'94\
Link: https://superuser.com/questions/367969/how-can-i-direct-a-query-to-specific-dns-server\
8. Google: \'94find provider website terminal\'94\
Link: https://www.godaddy.com/garage/who-hosts-this-website-tips-and-tools-for-finding-ip-address-dns-details-and-more/\
9. Google: \'94find ip website terminal\'94\
Link: http://osxdaily.com/2010/06/01/how-to-find-a-websites-ip-address/\
10. Google: \'94network devices terminal\'94\
Link: https://mediatemple.net/community/products/dv/204643870/using-the-traceroute-command\
11.\
Link: /\
12.\
Link: /\
13. Google: \'93find name host terminal\'94\
Link: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/318332/mac-os-x-terminal-equivalent-for-host-name-info\
14. Google: \'93file dns entries mac\'94\
Link: https://www.imore.com/how-edit-your-macs-hosts-file-and-why-you-would-want\
15. Google: \'93\'94\
Link:\
V.3\
01. Google: \'93file find debian version\'94\
Link: https://linuxconfig.org/check-what-debian-version-you-are-running-on-your-linux-system\
02. Google: \'93rename system debian\'94\
Link: https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-change-hostname-on-debian-9/\
03. Google: \'93rename system debian\'94\
Link: https://wiki.debian.org/HowTo/ChangeHostname\
04. Google: \'93time since system boot\'94\
Link: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/110269/the-amount-of-time-since-the-system-was-last-booted\
05. Google: \'93check ssh status\'94\
Link: https://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1543474\
06. Google: \'93reset ssh service\'94\
Link: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/127886/how-can-i-restart-the-ssh-daemon-on-ubuntu\
07. Google: \'93find pid service linux\'94\
Link: https://askubuntu.com/questions/180336/how-to-find-the-process-id-pid-of-a-running-terminal-program\
08. Google: \'93\'94\
Link: https://www.ssh.com/ssh/authorized_keys/\
09. Google: \'93command who connected system\'94\
Link: https://www.thegeekstuff.com/2009/03/4-ways-to-identify-who-is-logged-in-on-your-linux-system/\
10. Google: \'93lists the partition tables of drives\'94\
Link: https://www.binarytides.com/linux-command-check-disk-partitions/\
11. Google: \'93displays the available space left and used on the system\'94\
Link: https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/ssw_aix_71/com.ibm.aix.osdevice/HT_display_availspace_fs.htm\
12. Google: \'93\'94\
Link: https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/ssw_aix_71/com.ibm.aix.osdevice/HT_display_availspace_fs.htm\
13. Google: \'93list current process linux\'94\
Link: https://www.howtogeek.com/107217/how-to-manage-processes-from-the-linux-terminal-10-commands-you-need-to-know/\
14. Google: \'93run command in background linux\'94\
Link: https://www.tecmint.com/run-linux-command-process-in-background-detach-process/\
15. Google: \'93kills the background command\'92s process\'94\
Link: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/104821/how-to-terminate-a-background-process\
16. Google: \'93run specific tasks following a regular schedule\'94\
Link: https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/linux-task-scheduling-crontab-explained/\
17. Google: \'93how to use SSH\'94\
Link: https://www.ssh.com\
18. Google: \'93stop service linux\'94\
Link: https://www.techrepublic.com/article/how-to-start-stop-and-restart-services-in-linux/\
19. Google: \'93list services linux\'94\
Link: https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/check-running-services-in-rhel-redhat-fedora-centoslinux/\
20. Google: \'93list users linux\'94\
Link: https://askubuntu.com/questions/410244/a-command-to-list-all-users-and-how-to-add-delete-modify-users\
21. Google: \'93list all real users\'94\
Link: https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-list-users-in-linux/\
22. Google: \'93add a new local user linux\'94\
Link: https://www.tecmint.com/add-users-in-linux/\
23. Google: \'93connect as new user ssh\'94\
Link: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/questions/ubuntu-16-04-creating-new-user-and-adding-ssh-keys\
24. Google: \'93list all packages linux\'94\
Link: https://askubuntu.com/questions/17823/how-to-list-all-installed-packages}